README.md, before:

MTG-DC-TTS
==========

Magic the Gathering deck creator tool for Tabletop Simulator

author: R.P.O.D.

Version: 0.2

This is a little Program which reads MTG-Deck files in from tappedout.net 
and creates a valid picture for Tabletop Simulator. In order to load a costum 
deck into the game.

Note for some reason some card images throw a 400 HTTP Error.

Whenever this happens the program will ask you if you want to continue with 
or without the picture. If you choose to keep the picture a folder 
"tmp\<cardname>\" will be created in which you need to place the image yourself 
hit enter in the Program to continue.

Usage
==========

To create a deck go to tappedout.net and simply create one, or use one of the 
already created ones. 

After you've got your deck download the Textfile (.txt) from the Website. 

Place the textfile in the folder "Input" (You can also insert several files 
in the folder)

Run MTG.exe

If needed follow the instructions from the commandbox

Get your deck(s) from the "Output" folder

ENJOY!

Commit message:

Added method to insert raw files and to upload the images to imgur automatically.
Signed-off-by: Robert R <mam09cqz@studserv.uni-leipzig.de>

README.md, after:

MTG-DC-TTS
==========

Magic the Gathering deck creator tool for Tabletop Simulator

author: R.P.O.D.

Version: 0.2

This is a little Program which reads MTG-Deck files in from tappedout.net 
and creates a valid picture for Tabletop Simulator. In order to load a costum 
deck into the game.

Note for some reason some card images throw a 400 HTTP Error.

Whenever this happens the program will ask you if you want to continue with 
or without the picture. If you choose to keep the picture a folder 
"tmp\<cardname>\" will be created in which you need to place the image yourself 
hit enter in the Program to continue.

Usage
---------

To create a deck go to tappedout.net and simply create one, or use one of the 
already created ones. 

After you've got your deck download the Textfile (.txt) from the Website. 

Place the textfile in the folder "Input" (You can also insert several files 
in the folder)

If you want you can als insert the raw images into the Folder "input(raw)"

Run MTG.exe

If needed follow the instructions from the commandbox

Get your deck(s) from the "Output" folder

The links, if you wanted to upload the pictures to imgur, will be stored 
also in the output folder in the file "links<current date>"

ENJOY!
